### what is JVM

- JVM(Java Virtual Machine) acts as a run-time engine to run Java applications. JVM is the one that actually calls the main method present in a java code. JVM is a part of JRE(Java Runtime Environment).

- Java applications are called WORA (Write Once Run Anywhere). This means a programmer can develop Java code on one system and can expect it to run on any other Java-enabled system without any adjustment. This is all possible because of JVM.

- When we compile a .java file, .class files(contains byte-code) with the same class names present in .java file are generated by the Java compiler. This .class file goes into various steps when we run it. These steps together describe the whole JVM.


### Comparator, Comparable
1. Comparable
- java.lang.Comparable interface
- inside comparing, a comparable object is capable of comparing itself with another object, The class itself must implement Comprable interface to compare its object
- override the compareTo method
- we can customize only one sorting rule for the same class

2. Comparator
- java.util.Comparator interface
- external comparing, Comparator is external to the object type we are comparing. It’s a separate class. We create multiple separate classes (that implement Comparator) to compare by different members, anonymous class works as well.
- override the compare method
- has @FunctionalInterface annotation, so we can override compare method in the lambda expression
- we can customize more sorting rule by create multiple class that implements Comparator Interface

#### data structures
